maps/compliance/aws/LW_S3_1/README.md, before:

# AutoRemediation for the Lacework Policy LW_S3_1

## Description
Ensure the S3 bucket ACL does not grant 'Everyone' READ permission [list S3 objects]

The S3 bucket ACL gives 'Everyone' permission to list objects, which allows anyone to list the
bucket contents. It is best practice to restrict READ permission to only principals who require it.
Rationale:
Granting ‘Everyone’ READ permission allows anyone, including anonymous users from the
Internet, to list all objects in a bucket. Malicious users can use this information to identify and
exploit objects with misconfigured ACL permissions.

### Severity
Critical

### Control ID
LW_S3_1

### Remediation Steps to manually fix this

Perform the following to revoke READ permission for 'Everyone':
1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console
2. Open the S3 Service - https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/
3. From the list of buckets, select the bucket you want to change
4. Navigate to the permissions tab
5. Select Access Control List from the permissions tab
6. Under Public access, uncheck the Group ‘Everyone’ by clicking the circular button in front of
it
7. Uncheck ‘List objects’ under ‘Access to the objects’
8. Click 'Save' to remove the permission for ‘Everyone’
9. Repeat steps 3-8 for every bucket for which you want to change permissions

## How can i use this Map?

We recommend to create a Test S3 Bucket and configure it for Everyone READ permission, so you are generating an Alert inside Lacework during the next compliance check that you can use to test the Auto Remediation.

You can use the following AWS CLI command to configure an existing S3 test bucket with everyone READ permission:

```
aws s3api put-bucket-acl --bucket <YOURBUCKETNAME> --acl public-read
```
**Note:** Make sure you configure the <YOURBUCKETNAME> with the name of the S3 test bucket you would like to use for tests. Please don't use any S3 bucket with important data! This if for testing of the map only.

## Import the Map

Inside your new created project (for example Lacework - AutoRemediation) you can Import the Map.

### Map Design and workflow
The LW_S3_1 map currently looks like the following:

<img src="LW_S3_1.png" width="457" height="278">

* It will start with "Get the Event Details" from the EventID send by the Webhook payload
* It will print out all the S3 Buckets that will be remediated, which is a list of S3 Buckets from the Event minus the S3 buckets ignored inside the LaceworkConfig.bucketIgnoreList list.
* It will remediate all the S3 Buckets back to no longer grant 'Everyone' READ permission.
* It will send out a slack message to the Webhook you configured in Slack.

### Map trigger

Make sure that the Map Trigger is configured with the following configuration:

<img src="LW_S3_1_Trigger.png" width="395" height="791">

1. The Configuration needs to be configured with **LaceworkConfig**
2. The Plugin needs to be configured with Lacework-Trigger
3. The Method "Alert from Lacework" needs to be selected
4. The Variable **Event type** needs to be configured with Value **Compliance**
5. The Variable **Issue ID** needs to be configured with Value **LW_S3_1**.
6. The Variable **Event Severity** needs to be configured with the Value **Any** or **High**

With that configuration you make sure that this Map is only triggered if within the payload of the Webhook an alarm related to LW_S3_1 Control ID is send.

### Configuration of the Map

Make sure you configure the following configurations inside the LaceworkConfig:
1. **eventuuid:** Please make sure that the UUID used here is the UUID of the "Get event details". Due to the reimport of the Map the UUID of the event object could have changed. For that you can go to the Design, open the "Get Events" building block.

![Get Event](geteventdetails.png "Get Event")

Inside the configuration of the Get Event building block you will find the UUID:

<img src="geteventdetails2.png" width="287" height="229">

2. **Note** By default the setting **dotheremediation** is configured to **false**, so it will not by accident start to remediate S3 buckets. We recommend to make sure that only the right buckets will be remediated and the map is working as expected before you configure this setting to true.

3. (Optional). You can configure the Map to ignore specific S3 buckets from Auto Remediation. Make sure you configured the correct AWS S3 buckets that should be ignored within the bucketIgnoreList of the LaceworkConfig.

```
{
    "name": "LaceworkConfiguration",
    "eventuuid": "1f34062d-2299-4417-ade7-69d3ce1e3c0a",
    "dotheremediation": "false",
    "bucketIgnoreList":[
        "arn:aws:s3:::mybucket01",
        "arn:aws:s3:::mybucket02",
        "arn:aws:s3:::mybucket03"
    ]
}
```

4. Make sure you select an Agent for the Map that has the AWS CLI installed and configured, so it can be used for the Auto Remediation steps.

### Configuration of Slack Messages

For the Slack building block you can configure a Slack Webhook Url that you have to implement inside the Kaholo Vault before you can select it.

It will send out a slack message to the configured Webhook. We recommend to configure it similar to the Webhook you use within Lacework as alert channel.

If you don't have slack or don't need slack messages feel free to simply remove this building block.

### Configuration of the Remediation block

The Remediation block will only be triggered if the configuration dotheremediation of the LaceworkConfig is configured with true. Before enabling this we recommend the following:

1. Create a test S3 bucket that is violating the compliance rule for LW_S3_1
2. Make sure that you put all the S3 buckets that should not be auto remediated into the bucketIgnoreList of the LaceworkConfig.
3. To be even more sure we recommend to configure a suppression setting for the LW_S3_1 compliance check within the Lacework platform to ignore the S3 bucket. Otherwise the ignored Buckets will create additional Events and Alerts within Lacework.

## Build an example curl webhook

There is no need to wait for Lacework sending the Webhook Alert again if you plan to test it immediately. You can trigger the map by using a simple curl command that will send the necessary information.

Before you can trigger the webhook you need to have an event generated within your Lacework instance.

As soon as you got an event we recommend using the Event Information to create an example webhook trigger inside your terminal using the following environment variables. Please make sure to update it with the information from the Event you did generate.#

```
export EVENTTITLE="New Violations"
export EVENTTYPE=Compliance
export EVENTTIMESTAMP="27 Jan 2021 16:00 GMT"
export EVENTSOURCE=AWSCompliance
export EVENTID=11
export EVENTSEVERITY=2
export WEBHOOKURL=https://mykaholoinstance.kaholo.io/webhook/lacework/alert
export LACEWORKINSTANCE=mylaceworkinstance
export EVENTDESCRIPTION="AWS Account 112233445566 (lacework-test) : LW_S3_1 Ensure the S3 bucket ACL does not grant 'Everyone' READ permission [list S3 objects]"
```
You need to replace the following before you apply the environment variables:
1. **EVENTID** with the EventID that was generated inside the Lacework environment.
2. **WEBHOOKURL** with your Kaholo Webhook Url. Normally kaholo is listening on port 3000 and the URL path for the webhook alerting is /webhook/lacework/alert.
3. **LACEWORKINSTANCE** your Lacework instance where you created that event.
4. **EVENTDESCRIPTION** replace the AWS Account with your environment specific AWS Account ID.

With that you can trigger the webhook inside kaholo by using the following curl command:

```
curl -X POST -H 'Content-type: application/json' --data '{"event_title": "'"$EVENTTITLE"'", "event_link": "https://'"$LACEWORKINSTANCE"'.lacework.net/ui/investigation/recents/EventDossier-'"$EVENTID"'", "lacework_account": "'"$LACEWORKINSTANCE"'", "event_source": "'"$EVENTSOURCE"'", "event_description":"'"$EVENTDESCRIPTION"'", "event_timestamp":"'"$EVENTTIMESTAMP"'", "event_type": "Compliance", "event_id": "'"$EVENTID"'", "event_severity": "'"$EVENTSEVERITY"'"}' $WEBHOOKURL
```
We recommend to check the Execution Results when you give it a try. With that you make sure it will remediate the right S3 buckets before you enable the auto remediation.

Commit message:

Adding Map for LW_S3_5 and also adding more details for the AWS CLI command used for auto remediation

maps/compliance/aws/LW_S3_1/README.md, after:

# AutoRemediation for the Lacework Policy LW_S3_1

## Description
Ensure the S3 bucket ACL does not grant 'Everyone' READ permission [list S3 objects]

The S3 bucket ACL gives 'Everyone' permission to list objects, which allows anyone to list the
bucket contents. It is best practice to restrict READ permission to only principals who require it.
Rationale:
Granting ‘Everyone’ READ permission allows anyone, including anonymous users from the
Internet, to list all objects in a bucket. Malicious users can use this information to identify and
exploit objects with misconfigured ACL permissions.

### Severity
Critical

### Control ID
LW_S3_1

### Remediation Steps to manually fix this

Perform the following to revoke READ permission for 'Everyone':
1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console
2. Open the S3 Service - https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/
3. From the list of buckets, select the bucket you want to change
4. Navigate to the permissions tab
5. Select Access Control List from the permissions tab
6. Under Public access, uncheck the Group ‘Everyone’ by clicking the circular button in front of
it
7. Uncheck ‘List objects’ under ‘Access to the objects’
8. Click 'Save' to remove the permission for ‘Everyone’
9. Repeat steps 3-8 for every bucket for which you want to change permissions

## How can i use this Map?

We recommend to create a Test S3 Bucket and configure it for Everyone READ permission, so you are generating an Alert inside Lacework during the next compliance check that you can use to test the Auto Remediation.

You can use the following AWS CLI command to configure an existing S3 test bucket with everyone READ permission:

```
aws s3api put-bucket-acl --bucket <YOURBUCKETNAME> --acl public-read
```
**Note:** Make sure you configure the <YOURBUCKETNAME> with the name of the S3 test bucket you would like to use for tests. Please don't use any S3 bucket with important data! This if for testing of the map only.

## Import the Map

Inside your new created project (for example Lacework - AutoRemediation) you can Import the Map.

### Map Design and workflow
The LW_S3_1 map currently looks like the following:

<img src="LW_S3_1.png" width="457" height="278">

* It will start with "Get the Event Details" from the EventID send by the Webhook payload
* It will print out all the S3 Buckets that will be remediated, which is a list of S3 Buckets from the Event minus the S3 buckets ignored inside the LaceworkConfig.bucketIgnoreList list.
* It will remediate all the S3 Buckets back to no longer grant 'Everyone' READ permission.
* It will send out a slack message to the Webhook you configured in Slack.

### Map trigger

Make sure that the Map Trigger is configured with the following configuration:

<img src="LW_S3_1_Trigger.png" width="395" height="791">

1. The Configuration needs to be configured with **LaceworkConfig**
2. The Plugin needs to be configured with Lacework-Trigger
3. The Method "Alert from Lacework" needs to be selected
4. The Variable **Event type** needs to be configured with Value **Compliance**
5. The Variable **Issue ID** needs to be configured with Value **LW_S3_1**.
6. The Variable **Event Severity** needs to be configured with the Value **Any** or **High**

With that configuration you make sure that this Map is only triggered if within the payload of the Webhook an alarm related to LW_S3_1 Control ID is send.

### Configuration of the Map

Make sure you configure the following configurations inside the LaceworkConfig:
1. **eventuuid:** Please make sure that the UUID used here is the UUID of the "Get event details". Due to the reimport of the Map the UUID of the event object could have changed. For that you can go to the Design, open the "Get Events" building block.

![Get Event](geteventdetails.png "Get Event")

Inside the configuration of the Get Event building block you will find the UUID:

<img src="geteventdetails2.png" width="287" height="229">

2. **Note** By default the setting **dotheremediation** is configured to **false**, so it will not by accident start to remediate S3 buckets. We recommend to make sure that only the right buckets will be remediated and the map is working as expected before you configure this setting to true.

3. (Optional). You can configure the Map to ignore specific S3 buckets from Auto Remediation. Make sure you configured the correct AWS S3 buckets that should be ignored within the bucketIgnoreList of the LaceworkConfig.

```
{
    "name": "LaceworkConfiguration",
    "eventuuid": "1f34062d-2299-4417-ade7-69d3ce1e3c0a",
    "dotheremediation": "false",
    "bucketIgnoreList":[
        "arn:aws:s3:::mybucket01",
        "arn:aws:s3:::mybucket02",
        "arn:aws:s3:::mybucket03"
    ]
}
```

4. Make sure you select an Agent for the Map that has the AWS CLI installed and configured, so it can be used for the Auto Remediation steps.

### Configuration of Slack Messages

For the Slack building block you can configure a Slack Webhook Url that you have to implement inside the Kaholo Vault before you can select it.

It will send out a slack message to the configured Webhook. We recommend to configure it similar to the Webhook you use within Lacework as alert channel.

If you don't have slack or don't need slack messages feel free to simply remove this building block.

### Configuration of the Remediation block

The Remediation block will only be triggered if the configuration dotheremediation of the LaceworkConfig is configured with true. Before enabling this we recommend the following:

1. Create a test S3 bucket that is violating the compliance rule for LW_S3_1
2. Make sure that you put all the S3 buckets that should not be auto remediated into the bucketIgnoreList of the LaceworkConfig.
3. To be even more sure we recommend to configure a suppression setting for the LW_S3_1 compliance check within the Lacework platform to ignore the S3 bucket. Otherwise the ignored Buckets will create additional Events and Alerts within Lacework.

The Remediation block will Auto Remediate by using the following AWS CLI command that will put the ACL back into private mode, which means only the owner will be able to list and write on Objects and read and write on the Bucket ACL:

```
aws s3api put-bucket-acl --bucket <YOURBUCKETNAME> --acl private
```

If you want to know more about the aws s3api put-bucket-acl command or want to replace it with a different option for auto remediation we recommend to take a look at the official documentation available [here](https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3api/put-bucket-acl.html).

## Build an example curl webhook

There is no need to wait for Lacework sending the Webhook Alert again if you plan to test it immediately. You can trigger the map by using a simple curl command that will send the necessary information.

Before you can trigger the webhook you need to have an event generated within your Lacework instance.

As soon as you got an event we recommend using the Event Information to create an example webhook trigger inside your terminal using the following environment variables. Please make sure to update it with the information from the Event you did generate.#

```
export EVENTTITLE="New Violations"
export EVENTTYPE=Compliance
export EVENTTIMESTAMP="27 Jan 2021 16:00 GMT"
export EVENTSOURCE=AWSCompliance
export EVENTID=11
export EVENTSEVERITY=2
export WEBHOOKURL=https://mykaholoinstance.kaholo.io/webhook/lacework/alert
export LACEWORKINSTANCE=mylaceworkinstance
export EVENTDESCRIPTION="AWS Account 112233445566 (lacework-test) : LW_S3_1 Ensure the S3 bucket ACL does not grant 'Everyone' READ permission [list S3 objects]"
```
You need to replace the following before you apply the environment variables:
1. **EVENTID** with the EventID that was generated inside the Lacework environment.
2. **WEBHOOKURL** with your Kaholo Webhook Url. Normally kaholo is listening on port 3000 and the URL path for the webhook alerting is /webhook/lacework/alert.
3. **LACEWORKINSTANCE** your Lacework instance where you created that event.
4. **EVENTDESCRIPTION** replace the AWS Account with your environment specific AWS Account ID.

With that you can trigger the webhook inside kaholo by using the following curl command:

```
curl -X POST -H 'Content-type: application/json' --data '{"event_title": "'"$EVENTTITLE"'", "event_link": "https://'"$LACEWORKINSTANCE"'.lacework.net/ui/investigation/recents/EventDossier-'"$EVENTID"'", "lacework_account": "'"$LACEWORKINSTANCE"'", "event_source": "'"$EVENTSOURCE"'", "event_description":"'"$EVENTDESCRIPTION"'", "event_timestamp":"'"$EVENTTIMESTAMP"'", "event_type": "Compliance", "event_id": "'"$EVENTID"'", "event_severity": "'"$EVENTSEVERITY"'"}' $WEBHOOKURL
```
We recommend to check the Execution Results when you give it a try. With that you make sure it will remediate the right S3 buckets before you enable the auto remediation.
